welcome to the department of plagiarism
investigation the DPI has dealt with
numerous complex cases in their effort
to bring plagiarist to justice and to
rescue purloined texts the first form of
plagiarism that the DPI regularly
encounters is known as brainchild
snatching in honor of the Latin word
pluggy arias from which plagiarism
originates brain child Snatchers sneak
up on innocent papers and copy and paste
them without citing any sources putting
quotation marks around direct quotes or
changing a word they've also been known
to steal and hold particularly eloquent
essays for ransom when brain child
Snatchers get together they form a
kidnapping ring which involves brain
child snatching from multiple sources
some perpetrators have even been known
to commit self-plagiarism one of the
laziest crimes in the annals of the DPI
also known as one sided collaborators
these oddballs to snatch up entire texts
or small passages that they've written
before and present them as brand-new
material brain child Snatchers and
kidnapping rings are easy for the DPI to
catch just paste a few passages into a
search engine and bam they're caught
red-handed the more covert forms of
plagiarism include the wild goose chase
technique in which plagiarists create
fake authors book titles page numbers or
other information in order to cover a
plagiarism and the old synonym
switcheroo in which plagiarists utilize
that thesaurus as their main weapon by
substituting a synonym for nearly every
word in the document and leaving the
sentence structure in order of the idea
is the same plagiarist give legitimate
paraphrasing a very bad name shoddy
paraphrasing is also a key part of
variations on a smokescreen the
technique in which multiple passages are
paraphrased then pasted together into
one
the thorniest issue that the DPI deals
with is the misconception that you can
never be accused of plagiarism if you
use quotes and cite your sources this is
most certainly not the case because a
paper that is made up of passage upon
passage of other people's ideas is known
as a wholly quotable document this is
considered plagiarism since there are no
original thoughts in the work similarly
passage after passage of two closely
paraphrased text from multiple cited
sources is also plagiarism of the
pervasively paraphrase kind because the
ideas still aren't one's own
and lastly the technique of revealing
wall concealing is plagiarism because it
involves selective amnesia regarding
once sources in an attempt to cover up
wholly quotable and pervasively
paraphrased issues in a text some
passages are meticulously documented
quoted or paraphrased while others are
presented entirely as one's own as you
can see the DPI has its hands full
tackling all sorts of academic mischief
and mayhem ranging from the petty to the
outrageous given the gravity of these
transgressions you might be wondering
why you've never heard of the Department
of plagiarism investigations victories
that's because it doesn't technically
exist but people like you and me can be
our own dpi agents to fight plagiarism
and uphold the values of original
thinking we know that the best defense
against plagiarism consists of writers
who save themselves time worry and
effort by taking the far easier road of
just doing the work themselves